Hi, guys.
Worker Now, since we are no longer using the products coming from this clause, what we're going to
do is be able to do so.
Clean up.
Okay.
Now, first of all.
They're going to go to this all products, right.
And I'm going to lose control.
And bits of this white are going to need to get rid of this rice since it's no longer needed.
And for sure you're going to have this error because we made that field required.
So what you're going to do is we're going to go to the designs for each products.
I think we call this PHI products.
Right.
Okay.
Now, what we're going to do is we can make this not required by this question mark, which means this
course can be not.
Okay.
Now, go back to your.
All products you can see it is no longer required.
Okay.
Was this one of these?
And that's what we're just going to do is we can get rid of this clothes entirely.
Okay.
And remove this as well.
Dan and we'll click on this or take me to the hero.
They're just going to cut this up.
Okay.
Get rid of this.
Okay, great.
Now you can try and save.
Okay, then.
We're going to go back to the oil products now instead of using this closed lease, the land.
They're going to be using the products model data.
Right.
Okay.
So what they're going to do is they're going to go back to the design for each product.
And now Lebanon needs a copy of this.
Now, I know you might be wondering, why did we not create this variable or that?
Why are we doing it?
We changed the widgets.
Now we are doing this because we want to be able to easily have access to this context.
If we should create is available via.
You can see we are not going to have access to this contest.
So now that to save our stress we, we needed to create the variable within the widgets.
So we also have access to this contest.
Right.
Okay.
So now we're going to go back to the all products.
Then over here, it's a past.
It's then you can see we have access to the contents because it's all there.
And now we can use control and dots.
Now that's pots.
And what's this?
Okay.
Great.
As well.
The part, the product model.
Okay.
Now, is it all this close?
These documents.
Is going to be on the score products.
This.
That list is to save.
Okay.
Who are you listening to?
Satisfy his friends to save.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Okay, great.
Now we are using the products coming from the products model.
See.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.